Creegan day I'm max Rosenthal and I'm
elgin brown we're here today in some
random park to trim it one of the oldest
rivalries in sports history that's what
i'm talking about UCLA versus USC and
we're not talking about that playing
football no we're talking about them
competing in a series of random
challenges in which the winner gets
their entire tuition paid for by dr.
pepper hold on max rest I'll be right
there
today's winner will not win their
tuition paid for today we're deciding
two finalists who will go on to compete
on Jimmy Kimmel Live for a chance at
winning the dr. pepper
college tuition giveaway oh well your
stakes are much lower than I anticipated
but this is still exciting nonetheless
definitely go now to our man in the
field kick Kaplan Kip's how's it looking
down there oh it's going great I'm down
here at the the tailgate and I just got
to say a lot of energy a lot of college
kids I'm having a lot of fun I'm real
excited right now
Kip you seem pretty you seem pretty
amped up everything okay down there
right over there Kip oh I'm great I'm
doing real great they got some free dr.
pepper down here I better not about 15
so I'm feeling pretty good
all right kept why don't you uh pump the
brakes from the dr. pepper for a little
bit and explain to us this first
challenge okay well for this first
challenge it seems like uh Jason they
gotta hit the ping-pong ball with the
ping-pong paddle and knock down the cans
wow this ping-pong challenge is really
not going as well as I hoped
No very embarrassing for mostly
contestants max thanks guys I'm here
with the losers of the first challenge
you know it was not a very physically
demanding first challenge it's the kind
of thing you look back on you say to
yourself oh I really blew it that day
have you ever played ping-pong before I
have yes I really didn't look like it
today back to you guys
hey Elgin don't tell anyone but I'm not
wearing a full suit
what with the oh well why would you go
commando on set I'm naked
okay I gotta say this field goal
challenge is going much better than the
first one
I'm impressed this is very important
rest yeah guys got some great feet on
them let's go down to Kip and see how
he's doing
yeah where's Kip at I'm here with the
two finalists we got uh Kendra um and
Morgan so congratulations guys this is
huge thank you
okay uh let's go show their cabs look at
these look at these calves these are
some great calves and in onion these are
the kind of calves that that can win you
your cart tuition you know he's not
doing too good I don't know what's going
on with him anyway that's all the time
we have for today I'm Elgin Brown and
I'm max Rosenthal don't forget to tune
in next time when we do another to
college tuition we're not going to do
this probably not go to dr. pepper
tuition calm slash Jimmy to find out how
you can win up to $100,000 in tuition